Gao Xiaozi, you have 10 minutes left
Enjoy these 10 minutes
What a joke. Who are you?
Are you the richest man in China?
10 minutes to stand on my shoulders
Take you now
You can't play
Can't control people
Go and protect Mr. Ye
Mr. Ye
I got word that you're in trouble.
Now it looks like I've come just in time
Boss Liang has a heart
Liang Chunqiu
You think you can protect them when you come
Have my grain alcohol vegetables
Want to hurt Mr. Ye
Then step on me first
Ye Xian
Is this your trump card?
It's a pity
After I found out that you and Liang Chunqiu got married
Grain groups that have long been involved in the layout
Now is the time to close the net
Pass my order
Take me and let the grain group go bankrupt